
1. How to check if a line is blank while reading file ?
2. How to remove a substring from a string ?
3. How to insert element at a given index in a list ?
5. How to remove indentation from a multiline string ?
6. How to define a function which takes a sequence as parameter ?
7. How to remove multiple spaces to monospace in a string?
8. How to add elements of one list to other ?
9. What is the difference between append and extend list methods ?
10. How to replace special characters in a Python string ?
11. How to create a directory in python ?
12. How to create file path from variables ?
13. How to empty a list in python ?
14. How to use range function in python ?
15. How to delete a specific element from python list based on index ?
16. How can I open multiple files using "with open" in Python ?  --- only supported python 2.7.x onward
17. How to delete a file or folder in Python ?
18. How to concatenate string literals and string variables or only string literals in Python ?
19. How to pass collection data type to a function in python so that it is passed by value and not by refernece ?
20. How to get value of of dictionary item from key ?
21. How to change a string variable value to uppercase in python ?
22. How to strip double quotes around string literals in python ?
23. How to create an empty set in python ?
24. How to remove in most pythonic way all the elements that occur in one list from another ? --hint list comprehensions
25. How to reverse a string/list in python ?
26. How to generate a random integer in python between given two integers ?
27. How to generate a random Decimal number between two numbers and a given prec and scale ?
28. How to generate a randon string of given length in python ?
29. How to replace all occurences of a character in a string with other character ?
30. How to make a function accept default value for an argument ?
31. How to make an argument to accept variable number of arguments in python functions ?
32. How to pass a list to a function and reverse it without reversing the actual list ?
33. How to declare a global variable inside function body in python ?
34. What are required arguments in python function ? 
35. What are keyword arguments in python function and what are benefits of using them ?
36. What are default function arguments ?
37. What are different approaches to design a function with optional parameters ?
38. If we use variable argument functions. What will be rules for declaring other function parameters ?
39. What is the meaning of * character in variable length arguments ?
40. How to write explicit types on functional parameters ?
41. What is partial function concept in python ?
42. How to write recursive functions in python ? What is tail recursion ? What are implication of using recursive functions ?
43. How to handle exceptions in Python code block ?
44. What is syntax of creating a dictionary in python ?
45. How to create an empty dictionary ?
46. Is it possible to change dictionary key ?
47. How to create dictionary with keys data type as int, float, string and other python objects ?
48. How to create dictionary having keys or values as lists, tuples or sets or some other dictionaries ?
49. What will happen if we try to access keys that are not existing in dictionary ?
50. What is syntax of accessing a value in a dictionary ?
51. How to delete an item from a dictionary ?
52. How to delete an entire dictionary ?
53. How to add an item in a dictionary ?
54. How to get total number of items present in a dictionary ?
55. How to convert a dictionary object to string in python ?
56. How to remove all the items from a dictionary in python ?
57. How to use dictionary function 'get()' and how it is different from accessing item with square brackets ?
58. What does items() method return on a dictionary what is return object type ?
59. How to get all the keys from a dictionary ? --hint d.keys()
60. How to get all the values from a dictionary ? -- hint d.values()
61. What does max(dict) and min(dict) functions return on dictionary ?
62. How to convert a list or tuple to dictionary in python ?
63. How to copy a dictionary to another ? What is difference between d2 = d1 vs d2 = d1.copy() ?
64. What is the exact signature of d.get() dictionary method ? --hint : it takes two parameters
65. What is dictionary method "setdefault" used for ? What is exact syntax ? --hint : it takes two parameters
66. What is dictionary method "has_key" used for ?
67. How to add items of one dictionary to another ? What should be precautions ?  --hint : d1.update(d2)
68. What is "pop" method on a dictionary used for ?
69. What is best way using for loop to process dictionary items ?
70. What is "iteritems" method used for a dictionary ? When should we use "items" vs "iteritems" ?
71. What is "iterkeys" and "itervalues" methods used for in Python ?
72. How to create a dictionary from two lists -- 1) Using for loop  2) Using zip, list comprehension and dict()  ?
73. What are two common methods to force an ordering on the keys of a dictionary - 1) OrderedDict  2) Use sorted methods on keys 
74. What is the performance impact of item retrieval as the size of Python dictionary increases to very very large ?

